Add a script that replaces the boshrc file with the one created here.
May need to handle OS privileges.

Find a tool that formats the assembly code properly.

Include image generation on VGA.

Implement some sort of network protocol.

Switch to an editor that supports C.

Find better documentation on VGA programming.

Learn about GAS inline assembly.

Include a linker script as opposed to a bunch of command
line options for ld / gcc / etc.

Implement a keyboard driver.

Implement processes.

Convert all the drivers to C for easier maintainability /
flexibility.

Make it to where new interrupts don't have to worry about
fostering the environment for interrupts. This means
not having to include start and return_from interrupt
handler routines.

Add to build script functionality to clear output directory
before building.

propose a change to the gcc compiler to have that command line
option actually not pack structures at all.

revisit GDT initialization issue. the limit is equal to the gdtr
address provided, for some crazy reason. solving this really
has sunk my time for a pretty minimal benefit at this point.

figure out why my print int function can't print large
ints.

why does the new load_idt work?

learn what the .global thing does in nasm.

find out why the PIT only interrupts a single time.

make an API to seamlessly add an IRQ

get rid of the comments in the keyboard handler.

add debug logging functionality.

find out why the undefined op code exception keeps
coming up.

why send_eoi doesn't work?

Read a little more about how the PIC handles race conditions between
interrupts.

include a logo in the top right that is always
there (maybe a halo image?)

how to better initialize static variables in C

figure out why the keyboard needs those initialization
messages to function properly

refactor boot sector

look at throwing errors in C, specifically in the offset

conform my bootloader to the multiboot standard

setup some sort of environment variable system for compiling / linker / build options.

figure out the weirdness with the PIC / PIT

deal with the order in which we clear blocks on the physical memory manager.
for example, one address range's blocks need to be closed; then an address range
with an overlapping block is then opened.

add unit testing to the physical memory management package

link the GDT and IDT code together, to rid of separate hardcoded segment
selectors.

make an array of all the system handlers so that initializing the
IDT doesn't look so aids.

add an easier way to install interrupt handlers. there can be interrupt
entry function, the core logic of the interrupt, and the end of interupt
function
    - fix up the IDT since the GDT would be corrupted for some weird
      reason
    - i can use the C interfacing functionality that NASM provides
